Add FAQ entry for running Cassandra (#4867)
istio/istio.io: content/en/faq/applications/cassandra.md

---
title: Can I run Casandra inside an Istio mesh?
description: How to run Cassandra with Istio.
weight: 50
keywords: [cassandra]
---

> The sort answer is yes, Cassandra can run inside an Istio mesh.

Author: Done.

(accepting connections) to other Cassandra nodes as its address. This
is usually the pod IP address and works fine without a service
mesh. However, with a service mesh this configuration does not

> work. Istio and other service meshes require the `localhost`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work. Istio and other service meshes require `localhost`
```

Author: Done.

(`127.0.0.1`) to be the address for binding.

> ## Cassandra Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

There are two configuration parameters to pay attention to:
[`listen_address`](http://cassandra.apache.org/doc/latest/configuration/cassandra_config_file.html?highlight=listen_address#listen-address)
and
[`broadcast_address`](http://cassandra.apache.org/doc/latest/configuration/cassandra_config_file.html?highlight=listen_address#broadcast-address). For

> running Cassandra in an Istio mesh they need to be set appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running Cassandra in an Istio mesh,
```

Author: Done.

> The `listen_address` parameter should be set to `127.0.0.1` and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `listen_address` parameter should be set to `127.0.0.1` and the
```

Author: Done.

should be given to how these parameters are set by these scripts. As an example, an
script used to configure and start Cassandra uses the value of the environment variable
`CASSANDRA_LISTEN_ADDRESS` for setting `listen_address`.

1. Service Definition

Another issue to keep in mind is having ports specified in the

> Cassandra's headless service as shown below:

Author: Done.

> scripts. As an example, an script used to configure and start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scripts. For example, some scripts used to configure and start
```

Author: Done.

> Cassandra uses the value of the environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cassandra use the value of the environment variable
```

Author: Done.

`CASSANDRA_LISTEN_ADDRESS` for setting `listen_address`.

> 

Reviewer: Isn't the service port requirement gone in 1.3? If so, remove the following.

Author: Done.

apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  labels:
    app: cassandra
  name: cassandra
  namespace: cassandra-istio
spec:
  clusterIP: None
  ports:
  - name: intra-node
    port: 7000
  - port: 7001
    name: tls-intra-node
  - port: 7199
    name: jmx
  - port: 9042
    name: cql
  selector:
    app: cassandra
{{< /text >}}

> 1. Using MTLS

Author: Done.

---
title: Can I run Casandra inside an Istio mesh?
description: How to run Cassandra with Istio.
weight: 50
keywords: [cassandra]
---

The short answer is yes, Cassandra can run inside an Istio mesh.

By default, Cassandra broadcasts the address it uses for binding
(accepting connections) to other Cassandra nodes as its address. This
is usually the pod IP address and works fine without a service
mesh. However, with a service mesh this configuration does not
work. Istio and other service meshes require the `localhost`
(`127.0.0.1`) to be the address for binding.

> 1. Cassandra Configuration

Author: Done.
